---
published: true
title: Who am i ?
layout: post
tags: [Shekhar, Shekhar, Kumar, Shekhar, Singh]
categories: [Technology]
permalink: blogs
---
It's my first post, i thought share some info about me. I am no one! according to GOT you can understand my reference what i am talking about if you have watched it. It's true to be any one it's better to be no one. What i me an here is, if you wish to learn many thing and gain many then it's important to be no one. 

I am a simple guy who believes in constant learning and mentoring people surrounded by me if possible and necessary. I did my engineering in electronics, earned good knowledge about it. In fact i liked hardware more than software during my college time. I used to be called as circuit king in college. 

I moved on i got job, first professional job from campus. I still remember that day, i felt a big relief at least for few months. That is software job which i never liked to do, but i wanted to make my career in embedded electronics. So it was important to learn programming skill. So i thought let's get my hands dirty with software. The biggest challenge of my life was waiting there. I was going to work on something which i never liked and not even good at. I swam against the stream. i did a good job, at least i believe. That gave me confidence that i can do anything. i can write any code.

Thanks to all my mentors during my profession, even they suggested same. I kept learning new things. I started my career in t-SQL programming. It was nice working on that, then i kept trying and experimenting new languages. i choose C#, win forms,HTML ,web apps, visualisation, Big-data. I am not stopping here, i think it's my time that i move on to my embedded electronics world. The world know this with a new name called IOT.